Cutshaw Week 1 Day 1 Notes:

• Welcome
Matt introduction says, “he’s not a tyrant.”

• Syllabus Review
Rubric and course review 
goes over all the policies, refer to syllabus for further information.

lecture notes:
Full stack programming – a web developer, developing a web product 
client and server application, etc. refer to lecture or presentation for additional information.

• Understanding GitHub and Github Classroom
A version control system – a way to manage files and directories
Track changes over time, recall previous versions and source control (allows the user to go back) 
EX Version control is like how they update games over time to improve them.

What is Git?
A command line version control program 
This is a distributed version control system, in other words it can be spread across multiple computers
Therefore, there isn’t a single point of failure
All it is, a command line interface that allows us to push and pull code.
Repository, ---- used to organized a single project
Repos can contain folders files images and everything relating to the code. Even words docs and every type of files, it takes almost every programming language.
Think of creating a repo as a LINE, when creating a branch or file 

How master copies and repos work
EX you have a master copy, the branching is when you make a copy of a master and make changes to the master with the ability to change it while still having the original master copy. Once you have made all the changes you want, you can commit it to the master copy and change the master copy to the updated copy.

Main Branch info 
The main branch is the starting branch
Anything in the main branch is always deployable
It is important to note that the new branch is created off the main when working on features.
THE MAIN SHOULD WORK EVERYTIME

Commits
Once the new branch is changed, then you commit to the main branch, when you commit it prompts you for a commit message (this is where you add what you changed or updated)

Pull Request
This is after the review and commits
A pull request is a request for whomever is in control of the main and telling them to PULL THE CODE ON THE MAIN. Once your pull request has been approved, it then goes on to merge with the main.
GITGUB 
Just an online way to store your code. 
You pull code form the master branch and create an additional branch to work/add changes to the code
Once the code is added or corrected a pull request can be made and merged.
A merge conflict is when you have multiple changes on the same piece of code.
To solve this conflict is as easy as picking which code you want for the master/main.
